Grafana-ui: TextLink documentation (#71762)
grafana/grafana: packages/grafana-ui/src/components/Link/TextLink.mdx

- When the link is just comprised by an icon use IconButton component.

### **Do’s**

- Use the default styles as the first and main option as they are though to be accessible and consistent.
- Use the external icon (the default one) when the TextLink goes to an external page as its meaning is broadly known.
- In case the default icon does not fit, please use one of the icons of our [library](https://developers.grafana.com/ui/latest/index.html?path=/story/docs-overview-icon--icons-overview).

### **Don’ts**

- Do not use ‘primary’ color in a standalone link unless it is a special use case such as the ‘Dashboard list’, menu items or similar.
- Do not override any styles in any way. Instead, ask the Design System team for an improvement of this component.
- Do not attempt to add a new icon. You should fulfil a contribution path to first add the icon to our Design System and then use it in this component.

  <br />
  <br />

## <a name="types"/> Types

Within Grafana, there are two different types of _text links_, 'inline' or 'standalone', whether they are wrapped by text or being a standalone element.

> - **Inline**: It is part of a broader text. It will be surrounded by text, before, after or in both directions. Although it can show an icon at its end, we encouragedly advice not to do that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Inline**: It is part of a broader text. It will be surrounded by text, before, after or in both directions. Although it can show an icon at its end, we advise not to do that.
```

Not sure 'encouragedly' is a word 😅

- **Standalone**: It is a block not surrounded immediately by more text.

### **Subtypes**

Both inline or standalone text links will redirect the user to a specific page, therefore, depending on this they can be internal or external.

- **Internal**: Redirect the user to a page inside Grafana.
- **External**: Redirect the user to a page outside Grafana. The page will open on a new window. By default, an external text link will show the ‘external-link-alt’ icon.

  <br />
  <br />

## <a name="behaviour"/> Behaviour

The following is the default behaviour and so, it will be applied according to its type.

### <a name="inline-behaviour"/>**Inline**:<br/>

<Preview>

>   <TextLink href="https://google.es" external inline>

Reviewer: Both these previews look strange to me:

<img width="290" alt="Screenshot 2023-07-17 at 17 47 35" src="https://github.com/grafana/grafana/assets/100691367/9ed0e69e-1ce8-4824-8e46-dfab9388d3ca">

Author: I think this might be `Storybook` adding some kind of style to `Preview`. As you can see here, if I change something in the file they reload and look right 🤷‍♀️ 

![Captura de pantalla 2023-07-18 a las 13 02 39](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/assets/65417731/1cfcea6a-b340-48f7-890a-abfc5472280b)

Reviewer: <img width="781" alt="Screenshot 2023-07-18 at 14 21 11" src="https://github.com/grafana/grafana/assets/100691367/2e9fb1e0-3c1b-4e89-ab34-69ab4fc35b65">

It seems to be because they are set to paragraph and these have some margin bottom set? I guess `Preview` sets all of them to `p`??

    This an inline link example
  </TextLink>
</Preview>
- _Initial appearence_: Blue and underlined at first. <br />- _On hover_: blue and not underlined

### <a name="standalone-behaviour"/>**Standalone**:

<Preview>
  <TextLink href="https://google.es" inline={false} external>
    This an standalone link example
  </TextLink>
</Preview>

> - _Initial appearence_: Blue and not underlined at first. - _On hover_: blue and underlined Through the color prop the user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _Initial appearence_: Blue and not underlined at first. <br />- _On hover_: blue and underlined Through the color prop the user
```

Not sure if that bit at the end "Through the color prop..." was meant to be here or only next to "initial appearance"?

- **Standalone**: It is a block not surrounded immediately by more text.

### **Subtypes**

Both inline or standalone text links will redirect the user to a specific page, therefore, depending on this they can be internal or external.

- **Internal**: Redirect the user to a page inside Grafana.
- **External**: Redirect the user to a page outside Grafana. The page will open on a new window. By default, an external text link will show the ‘external-link-alt’ icon.

  <br />
  <br />

## <a name="behaviour"/> Behaviour

The following is the default behaviour and so, it will be applied according to its type.

### <a name="inline-behaviour"/>**Inline**:<br/>

<Preview>
  <TextLink href="https://google.es" external inline>
    This an inline link example
  </TextLink>
</Preview>
- _Initial appearence_: Blue and underlined at first. - _On hover_: blue and not underlined

### <a name="standalone-behaviour"/>**Standalone**:

<Preview>
  <TextLink href="https://google.es" inline={false} external>
    This an standalone link example
  </TextLink>
</Preview>

> - _Initial appearence_: Blue and not underlined at first. Through the color prop the user will be able to change this value,

Reviewer: Isn't it possible to change the color of both "Inline" and "Standalone"? I think this bit of text should be separate from being only in the "Standalone" variant. We might want to discourage people from setting "Inline" to any other color but it is still possible
